Add Migration explanation to add-on doc (#497)
CleverCloud/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/content/dbMigration.md

## Migrate your database

Clever Cloud provides an add-on Migration/Upgrade tool. You can access it from the [Console](https://console.clever-cloud.com), in the left menu when an add-on is selected. It allows to choose a higher plan, a new version or another deployment zone.

> A migration process creates new instances, move your data into it and stop the old ones if the process ended correctly. In case of a failure during migration, new instances are deleted and you go back to the original ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A migration process creates new instances, moves your data into it and stops the old ones if the process ended correctly. In case of a failure during migration, new instances are deleted and you go back to the original ones.
```

> ## Upgrading to a higher plan

Author: I changed the title o "Migrate your database"

> If you find that the resources of your current plan aren't enough, you can upgrade to a higher plan.
> You can do it from the console by clicking on your add-on and going to the `Migrate/Upgrade` menu.  
> 
> With a migration, you can change to a higher plan, a new version or to another region.
> A migration work by creating a new instances and moving your data over to that new instances, the old one is then stopped. In case of a failure during migration, the new instance is deleted and you go back to the original one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clever Cloud provides an add-on Migration/Upgrade tool. You can access it from the [Console](https://console.clever-cloud.com), in the left menu when an add-on is selected. It allows to choose a higher plan, a new version or another deployment zone.

A migration process creates new instances, move your data into it and stop the old ones if the process ended correctly. In case of a failure during migration, new instances are deleted and you go back to the original ones.
```

The duration may vary depending on how much data your add-on has. Your database become read only for the entire duration.

> You can also migrate your applications to the same plan.  
> Since add-on aren't automatically redeployed when a new patch release, migrating to the same plan allow you to redeploy your add-on on the most recent patch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to restart your add-on or update to the last supported version of the current branch, migrate it to the same plan, version, zone. 

- [More Clever Cloud Tips and Tricks](/developers/doc/best-practices/tips_and_tricks/)
```
